"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. M2070 Series has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. K7400LX has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. K4305LX has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. K3250NR has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. K401LX has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. CLX-9821 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. CLX-9352 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. CLX-9301 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. CLX-9252 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. CLX-9251 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. C485W has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. C485FW has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. C480W has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. C480FW has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. C430W has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. C410 Series has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"CLX-9201 is a colorful composite machine of Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. CLX-9201 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"HP Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. is a company that operates in computer equipment, printing equipment, video equipment, electronic products and related parts of the above products.     HP COLORLORJET MFP M281FDW has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"HP Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. is a company that operates in computer equipment, printing equipment, video equipment, electronic products and related parts of the above products.     HP Laserjet M605 has a weak passage vulnerability. The attacker uses a weak password to log in to the background to obtain sensitive information.",es
"HP Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. is a company in its business scope including computer software and hardware equipment, printing equipment, video equipment, communication equipment, etc.     HP Pagewide Pro 477DW MFP has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Hewlett-Packard (HP) is one of the information technology (IT) companies, established in 1939 HP headquarters in Parolo Alto, California, USA. HP has three major business groups: information product group, printing and imaging system group and enterprise computer professional service group.     HP Laserjet Pro M501DN printers have unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Hewlett-Packard (HP) is one of the information technology (IT) companies, established in 1939 HP headquarters in Parolo Alto, California, USA. HP has three major business groups: information product group, printing and imaging system group and enterprise computer professional service group.     HP Laserjet MFP M130FW printers have unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. 20 of Samsung's 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, Samsung Corning, Samsung Network, Samsung Life, Samsung Fire, Samsung Securities, Samsung Products.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. CLX-4190 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. 20 of Samsung's 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, Samsung Corning, Samsung Network, Samsung Life, Samsung Fire, Samsung Securities, Samsung Products.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. CLX-6260 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to perform unauthorized access to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. 20 of Samsung's 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, Samsung Corning, Samsung Network, Samsung Life, Samsung Fire, Samsung Securities, Samsung Products.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. SL-J3570FW has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker uses the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. 20 of Samsung's 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, Samsung Corning, Samsung Network, Samsung Life, Samsung Fire, Samsung Securities, Samsung Products.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. CLP-680 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fujifilm was founded on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Setle in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     FUJIFILM DOCUPRINT CM305 DF has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. DOCUPRINT CP305 D has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. DOCUPRINT M225 DW has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. DOCUPRINT M285 Z has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fujifilm was founded on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Setle in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     FUJIFILM DOCUPRINT M355 DF has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. Docucentre-IV C2260 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. Docucentre-III 2007 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. APEOSPORT-V C4475 T2 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. APEOSPORT-IV C3375 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Schneider Electric (China) Co., Ltd. is the leader of the global energy efficiency management field. The main businesses include power, industrial automation, infrastructure, energy conservation and efficiency, energy, energy, building automation and security electronics, data centers and smart living spaces.     Schneider Electric (China) Co., Ltd. Powerlogic ION8600 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Hewlett-Packard (HP) is one of the information technology (IT) company, which was established in 1939 1. Headquartered in Palo Alto, Parolo, California. HP has three major business groups: information product group, printing and imaging system group and enterprise computer professional service group.     HP Laserjet MFP M227SDN has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Schneider Electric (China) Co., Ltd. is the leader of the global energy efficiency management field and was founded by the Schneider Brothers in 1836. The main businesses include power, industrial automation, infrastructure, energy conservation and efficiency, energy, energy, building automation and security electronics, data centers and smart living spaces.     Schneider Electric (China) Co., Ltd. Powerlogic ION8650 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Zhejiang Dahua Technology Co., Ltd. is the leading monitoring product supplier and solution service provider.     Zhejiang Dahua Co., Ltd. DH-SD-6A9226F-HNI has a weak passage vulnerability, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. Docucentre-IV C2265 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. Docucentre-V C2263 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. Docucentre-V 3065 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. Docucentre-V 3060 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. Docucentre-V 2060 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. Docucentre-IV 3060 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. Docucentre-IV 2060 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. Docucentre-II 4000 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. APEOSPORT-VI C3371 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. APEOSPORT-VI C3370 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. APEOSPORT-V C3375 T2 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Cisco System (China) Network Technology Co., Ltd., business scope: research and development of computer network systems and communication systems; providing computer network systems, communication system installation, technical consulting, etc.     Cisco IP Phone CP-9971 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS Q7424-R Video Encoder has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Cisco IP Phone CP-8861 is an enterprise-level IP phone.     Cisco IP Phone CP-8861 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Cisco IP Phone CP-7911G is an IP phone.     Cisco IP Phone CP-7911G has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Cisco IP Phone CP-8851 is an enterprise-level IP phone.     Cisco IP Phone CP-8851 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Cisco IP Phone CP-8865 is an enterprise-level IP phone.     Cisco IP Phone CP-8865 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS 241S Video Server has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS 240Q Video Server has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS P7214 Video Encoder has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"BRICKCOM Corporation (Brickcom Corporation) is composed of R & D teams with rich monitoring industry experience to develop digital monitoring products with advanced technology. Including millions of network cameras, wireless network cameras, video servers, 3G video transmission (NVR) embedded network hard disk recording machines, CMS client platform system, etc.     Brickcom-MD-300NP-360P has a weak passage vulnerability, and the attacker can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Teledyne Flir is a company focusing on design, development, production, marketing, and promotion to enhance professional technology.     Teledyne Flir Brickstream 2200 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"HP Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. was established in 1999. The business scope includes: computer software and hardware equipment, printing equipment, video equipment, communication equipment, electronic products and related parts of the above products.     HP Laserjet 100 ColormFP M175NW and HP Color LaserJet MFP M183FW have unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"OPPO A92S is a 5G mobile phone owned by OPPO.     OPPO A92S has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Vivo X27 is a smartphone.     Vivo X27 has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"OnePlus8T is a smartphone.     OnePlus8t has information leakage vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the user's sensitive information.",es
"Meizu 16S Pro is a smartphone of Zhuhai Meizu Technology Co., Ltd..     Meizu 16S Pro has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Nokia 6.2 is a smartphone.     Nokia 6.2 has information leakage vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Nokia 7.2 is a smartphone.     Nokia 7.2 has information leakage vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"VSMART JOY 2+ is a smartphone.     VSMART JOY 2+ exists in information leakage vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"VSMART LIVE is a smartphone.     VSMART LIVE has information leakage vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Zenfone 4 Max (ZC520KL) is a smartphone.     Zenfone 4 Max (ZC520KL) has information leakage vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"ASUS Zenfone Live (L1) is a smartphone listed in 2018 in 2018.     Asus Zenfone Live (L1) mobile phones have information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Razer Phone, Razer Phone, is a smartphone of the Razer brand series.     The Razer Phone mobile phone has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"General Mobile is a Turkish smartphone manufacturer.     General Mobile GM8 has information leakage vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"General Mobile is a Turkish smartphone manufacturer.     General Mobile GM9 Pro has information leakage vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Guangdong Tianyu Network Technology Co., Ltd. operates: the development and sales of computer software and hardware technology; technology development and sales of Internet and mobile Internet software products; and the design of mobile communication equipment and software.     There are unauthorized access vulnerabilities in the vivo mobile phone interface, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Belkin Corporation is a global leading manufacturer of peripheral products, providing innovative connection technologies for users, digital and mobile products.     The LCAD03FLN series has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Belkin Corporation is a global leading manufacturer of peripheral products, providing innovative connection technologies for users, digital and mobile products.     The LCAD03VLNOD series has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Xiaoxin XY300 projector is a home, portable mini projector.     Lenovo Xiaoxin XY300 projector has a directory traversal vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"BRICS communication technology is the world's leading network video solution provider.     Brickcom FB-200NP cameras have weak passage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Flir Systems (INC.) focuses on design, development, production, marketing, and promotion to enhance professional technologies. Through thermal imaging, visible light imaging, video analysis, measurement and diagnosis, and advanced threat detection system, we bring innovative sensing solutions into daily life.     FC-Series has a weak loophole. The attacker uses the default weak password to log in to the background to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Flir Systems (INC.) focuses on design, development, production, marketing, and promotion to enhance professional technologies. Through thermal imaging, visible light imaging, video analysis, measurement and diagnosis, and advanced threat detection system, we bring innovative sensing solutions into daily life.     FB-Series has a weak loophole. The attacker uses the default weak password to log in to the background to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Asus Zenfone Max Pro (M2) is a smartphone.     Asus Zenfone Max Pro (M2) exists in information leakage vulnerabilities. The attacker can use loopholes to listen to the content of the user.",es
"Hisense has listed companies, Hisense Video (600060) and Hisense Home Appliances (000921) in Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hong Kong. (Ronshen) and Asko and other brands.     Hisense A5 series mobile phones have information leakage vulnerabilities. The attacker can use loopholes to listen to the content of the user.",es
"OPPO Find X is a smartphone launched by OPPO Guangdong Mobile Communications Co., Ltd.     OPPO Find X has information leakage vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the malicious APP to read the permissions of the commonly used external storage space to monitor the user's call content through the exposure component.",es
"BRICS communication technology takes Taiwan as the foundation, is committed to developing a full range of safety monitoring system products, and created its own brand "Brickcom". It has established a sound distribution channel system in the Americas, Europe, Asia, and New Australia.     Brickcom FB-200NP cameras have logical defect vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the recording order to add the administrator.",es
"Yongbo (Xiamen) Electric Technology Co., Ltd. was founded in 2010 and focused on the overall solution of sports control. It is a professional sports control product and solution provider.     Yongbo (Xiamen) Electric Technology Co., Ltd. WinbowPlc has binary vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to cause rejection of service.",es
"SUPERE32 L601 RTU is an integrated RTU of security technology, which is suitable for the SCADA system.     The Super32 L601 RTU has a reject service vulnerability, and the attacker can use this vulnerability to cause rejection of service.",es
"Campus IoT intelligent management systems can monitor and control all access devices, centralized management, data statistics, and statement presentation.     Shenzhen Kexu Technology Co., Ltd. has a weak passage vulnerability in the intelligent management system of the campus Internet of Things, and the attacker can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Zhejiang Dahua Technology Co., Ltd. is a smart IoT solution provider and operating service provider with video as the core.     Zhejiang Dahua Technology Co., Ltd. A3A04MG7 has rejection of service vulnerabilities. The attacker can use this vulnerability to cause rejection.",es
"Bosch (China) Investment Co., Ltd.'s operating scope includes investment in machinery manufacturing, light industry, electronics and information industry.     Bosch (China) Investment Co., Ltd. VRM has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"China Mobile Communications Co., Ltd.'s business scope includes: IP telephone business; Data transmission business of Internet access to service business, Internet backbone network data transmission business; and design of network design such as mobile communication, IP phone and Internet network.     There are logical defect vulnerabilities in the Magic Box network set -top box, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Penguin Aurora Box is a high -end network high -definition set -top box produced by Tencent Video and Skyworth Digital.     There is an unauthorized access loophole in the Penguin Aurora Box. The attacker can use the vulnerability to access the remote control TV with specific links.",es
"WJ95-RJ45 is a collection module of the Internet of Things and Industrial Ethernet, which realizes transparent data interaction between sensors and networks. The data of the sensor can be forwarded to the network or the data from the network can be forwarded to the sensor.     Wanjun WJ95-RJ45 has a reject service vulnerability. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to construct a specific network data packet to reject the device's rejection service, affecting the normal operation of the controller.",es
"Penguin Aurora Box is a high -end network high -definition set -top box produced by Tencent Video and Skyworth Digital.     Skyworth Digital Technology Co., Ltd. Penguin Aurora Box has rejection of service vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to cause rejection services.",es
"Nanrui Self -Control is a high -tech entity that integrates software development, hardware development, technical services, equipment production, and system sets.     The MB80-CPU722E has a reject service vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to cause rejection.",es
"The fields involving the fields include the overall solution of power management, video display, industrial automation, online communication products, and renewable energy -related products.     Delta DOP 107EG has rejection of service vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to cause rejection.",es
"Siemens RWG1.M12D S55370-C170 programmable universal controller integrates many years of Siemens's years of experience in buildings, HVAC and other industries. Based on universal hardware design, programmable software platforms, and powerful communication processing capabilities.     Siemens RWG1.M12D S55370-C170 has rejection service vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to cause rejection.",es
"The business scope of Beacon Communication Technology Co., Ltd. includes: optical fiber communication and related communication technology, information technology fields, industrial Internet, and the development of science and technology development in the field of Internet of Things.     HG220GS-U has a refusal service vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to cause rejection.",es
"Shenzhen Skyworth Digital Technology Co., Ltd. is a high -tech enterprise focusing on providing digital TV network audiovisual products and operations and services to global users.     DT541-CSF devices have rejected service vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to cause rejection.",es
"Rockwell Automation Co., Ltd. is the world's largest company that is committed to industrial automation and information, and is committed to helping customers improve productivity and sustainable development of the world.     Rockwell Automation Allen-Bradley 1756-En2T/D has a reject service vulnerability. The attacker can use this vulnerability to launch a refusal service attack.",es
"On Deck Thermal Cycler 8100100 is a temperature controller produced by Inheco in Germany, supporting Ethernet communication.     Inheco On Deck Thermal Cycler 8100100 has a refusal service vulnerability, and an attacker can use the vulnerability to launch a refusal service attack.",es
"ACS SPIIPLUSEC-08 is a sports controller produced by ACS Motion Control, supporting Ethernet communication.     The ACS Motion Control ACS SPIIPLUSEC-08 TCP protocol has a reject service vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to launch a refusal service attack.",es
"SCU9020 is the controller of Zhejiang Central Control TCS-900 security instrument system. It can configuration to the Ethernet communication module in the TCS-900 security instrument system.     Zhejiang Central Control TCS-900 security instrument system has rejected service vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to cause refusal service attacks.",es
"The TRICON security instrument system is Schneider Electric's security instrument system. The MP3009 module is the processor module of the Schneider Tricon security instrument system.     The MP3009 processor of the Schneider Tricon security instrument system has rejected service vulnerabilities. The attacker can use this vulnerability to launch a refusal service attack.",es
"The TRICON security instrument system is Schneider Electric's security instrument system. The TCM 4351B communication card is the communication card of the Schneider Tricon security instrument system, supporting Ethernet and serial communication.     The TCM 4351B communication card of the Schneider Tricon security instrument system has rejected service vulnerabilities. The attacker can use this vulnerability to launch a refusal service attack.",es

