"Shenzhen Foskom Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. is a high -tech company headquartered in Shenzhen, Guangdong, specializing in network camera products.     Shenzhen Foskom Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. Real-Time H.264 IP Camera Monitoring System has a weak passing vulnerability, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Shenzhen Anjoy Vision Information Technology Co., which (LTD. Anjiawei), is a high -tech enterprise integrating R & D, production, sales and services.     Shenzhen Anjiaweang Information Technology Co., Ltd. smart camera has a weak passage vulnerability. The attacker can use this vulnerability to log in to the background to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Lexmark XM3250 is a printer of Lexmark International Inc.     Lexmark XM3250 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Lexmark XC2235 is a printer of Lexmark International Inc.     Lexmark XC2235 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"X463DE is a printer of Lexmark International Inc.     Lexmark X463DE has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"MS521DN is a printer of Lexmark International Inc.     Lexmark MS521DN has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"MFC-L2710DW Series is a multifunctional printer.     Brother INDUSTRIES MFC-L2710dw Series has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"207W7w Network Camera is a network camera.     AXIS 207W Network Camera has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Matsushita Electric (China) Co., Ltd. is a manufacturer of sales and after -sales service activities of domestic appliances, systems, environment, components and other products.     Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. WV-SFN310A has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"DH-SD6C82E-GN is a high-definition network ball camera.     Zhejiang Dahua Technology Co., Ltd. DH-SD6C82E-GN has a weak loophole, and attackers can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Network Camera WV-SFV311 is a network camera.     Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. NETWORK Camera WV-SFV311 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS P1425-Le-Network-Camera has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"MX-4070V is a printer product of Sharp Trading (China) Co., Ltd..     Sharp Trading (China) Co., Ltd. MX-4070V has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"C3765DNF Color MFP is a color laser printer of Dell.     Dell C3765DNF Color MFP has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"P5624-E Network Camera is a network camera.     AXIS P5624-ENETWORK Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Shenzhen Qianhai Huaxia Intelligence Data Technology Co., Ltd. is China's leading smart parking smart terminal equipment research and development and manufacturer.     Shenzhen Qianhai Huaxia Zhixia Data Technology Co., Ltd. T83-CV102 entrance and exit license plate identification HD network integrated camera has a weak passage vulnerability, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Epson (China) Co., Ltd. is a company, including printers, scanners, projectors and other information -associated products, electronic component business, and industrial automation equipment business.     Epson (China) Co., Ltd. L565 Series printer has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Sindoh P411_P416 is a printer.     Sindoh P411_P416 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"233D is a network camera.     AXIS 233D Network Dome Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Brother DCP-J940N is a laser printer.     Brother (China) Commercial Co., Ltd. Brother DCP-J940N has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Toshiba (China) Co., Ltd. is a company in the four major causes of digital products, electronic components, social infrastructure, and home appliances in Toshiba, which is the main business.     Toshiba (China) Co., Ltd. has an unauthorized access loophole in the network camera, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"ECOSYS M5520CDN is a printer at the Kyocera plant.     The Ecosys M5520cdn of the Kyocera Co., Ltd. has an unauthorized visit vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"The NVR series is a network camera of GW Security Company.     The GW Security NVR series of network cameras NVR has a weak passage vulnerability, and the attacker can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"M4080FX is a multifunctional integrated printer of Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. M4080FX has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"SCX-8240 is a multifunctional integrated printer of Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd..     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. SCX-8240 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"X4220RX is a printer of Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. X4220RX has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"X4255LX is a printer of Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd..     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. X4255LX has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"MX-M316N is a printer of Sharp Trading (China) Co., Ltd..     Sharp Trading (China) Co., Ltd. MX-M316N has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"MX-M362N is a digital composite printer from Sharp Trading (China) Co., Ltd..     Sharp Trading (China) Co., Ltd. MX-M362N has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"MX-M565N is a digital composite printer from Sharp Trading (China) Co., Ltd..     Sharp Trading (China) Co., Ltd. MX-M565N has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"SL-M4020ND is a laser printer from Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd..     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. SL-M4020ND has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"SL-M3820DW is a printer of Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd..     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. SL-M3820DW has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"M267X 287X Series is a black and white multifunctional all -in -one printer of Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. M267X 287X Series has unauthorized visit vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"SL-M3870FW is a printer of Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd..     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. SL-M3870FW has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"DX-2008UC, etc. are printer products of Sharp Trading (China) Co., Ltd..     There are unauthorized access vulnerabilities in Sharp Trading (China) Co., Ltd., and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"SCX-8123 is a multifunctional printer of Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd..     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. SCX-8123 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"CLP-410 Series is a printer of Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. CLP-410 Series has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"C1860 Series is a laser printer from Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. C1860 Series has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"SL-M4070FR is a printer device of Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. SL-M4070FR has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Mobotix M26 is a camera of Mobotix.     The Mobotix M26 has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Mobotix M24 is a camera of Mobotix.     The Mobotix M24 has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"HP Photosmart 5520 Series is a mid -range inkjet printer.     HP Photosmart 5520 Series has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung C1810 Series is a printer of Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd.     Samsung C1810 Series has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung C140X Series is a printer of Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd.     Samsung C140X Series has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"MX-2640N is a printer of Sharp Trading (China) Co., Ltd..     Sharp Trading (China) Co., Ltd. MX-2640N has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"MX-2314N is a printer of Sharp Trading (China) Co., Ltd..     Sharp Trading (China) Co., Ltd. MX-2314N has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Matsushita Electric (China) Co., Ltd. is a manufacturer of sales and after -sales service activities of domestic appliances, systems, environment, components and other products.     Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. Network Camerawv-SW458 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Matsushita Electric (China) Co., Ltd. is a manufacturer of sales and after -sales service activities of domestic appliances, systems, environment, components and other products.     Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. WV-SC384 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Matsushita Electric (China) Co., Ltd. is a manufacturer of sales and after -sales service activities of domestic appliances, systems, environment, components and other products.     Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. Network Camera WV-ST162 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Matsushita Electric (China) Co., Ltd. is a manufacturer of sales and after -sales service activities of domestic appliances, systems, environment, components and other products.     Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. Network Camera WV-ST165 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     The Xerox D95 Copier-Printer of Fuji Scholas (China) Co., Ltd. has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use this vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Denve is a consumer electronics supplier in Europe.     Denver's smart WiFi camera SHC-150telnet command execute vulnerabilities, attackers can use this vulnerability to execute any code.",es
"Matsushita Electric (China) Co., Ltd. is a manufacturer of sales and after -sales service activities of domestic appliances, systems, environment, components and other products.     Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. NETWORK Camera WV-SF138 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Matsushita Electric (China) Co., Ltd. is a manufacturer of sales and after -sales service activities of domestic appliances, systems, environment, components and other products. Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. NETWORK Camera WV-SF332 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Lexmark CS410DN is a printer from Lexmark.     Lexmark CS410DN has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Lexmark MS610DN is a printer product from Lexmark.     Lexmark MS610DN has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Lexmark CS510DE, Lexmark MS510dn, Lexmark MX510DE, Lexmark MX310DN is a printer product of the LEXMARK company.     Lexmark CS510DE, Lexmark MS510dn, Lexmark MX510DE, Lexmark MX310dn exists in unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Lexmark-X792E is a printer product from Lexmark.     The Lexmark-X792E series has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"DOCUPRINT CM305 DF is a printer.     Docuprint CM305 DF has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"B2375DFW Mono MFP is a printer of Dell.     Dell B2375DFW Mono MFP has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"B2375DNF Mono MFP is a printer of Dell.     Dell B2375DNF Mono MFP has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Printer E310DWR is a printer of Dell.     Dell Printer E310DW has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS P1214-ENETWORK Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS P5512-ENETWORK Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     Axis Q6045-ENETWORK Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     Axis Q6115-ENETWORK Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Ecosys M5520CDN is a multifunctional integrated printer.     Kyocera Ecosys M5520CDN has a weak passage vulnerability, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS P5534 Network Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS P3344 Network Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS P1353 Network Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     Axis M5014 Network Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     Axis M3114 Network Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     Axis M3113 Network Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS M3025 Network Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS 21220 Network Camera has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS 206M Network Camera has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS P1214 Network Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS 2130R PTZ Network Camera has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     Axis M1054 Network Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS M1031-W Network Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS 215 PTZ Network Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS 211WWORK Camera has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS P1357 Network Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     Axis M1114 Network Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis Communications AB is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS-207 Network Camera has an unauthorized access loophole, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     Axis M1034-W Network Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS M1033-W Network Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     Axis M1025 Network Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS M1011-W Network Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS 223M Network Camera has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS 221 Network Camera has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS 206 Network Camera has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS 205 Network Camera has an unauthorized access to vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"HP Officejet Pro 8600 N911A is a printer of HP Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.     HP Officejet Pro 8600 N911A has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Established in 1994, Panasonic Electric (China) is mainly responsible for the sales and after -sales service of home appliances, systems, environment, components and other products.     There are unauthorized access vulnerabilities in multiple models of Matsushita Electric (China) Co., Ltd., and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. was established in 1994 and is mainly responsible for the sales and after -sales service of appliances, systems, environment, components and other products.     There are unauthorized visit vulnerabilities in multiple products of Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd., and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. was established in 1994 and is mainly responsible for the sales and after -sales service of appliances, systems, environment, components and other products.     Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. WV-SW158 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. was established in 1994 and is mainly responsible for the sales and after -sales service of appliances, systems, environment, components and other products.     Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. WV-SPW611L has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. was established in 1994 and is mainly responsible for the sales and after -sales service of appliances, systems, environment, components and other products.     Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. WV-SPW532L has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. was established in 1994 and is mainly responsible for the sales and after -sales service of appliances, systems, environment, components and other products.     Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. WV-SPN310 and WV-SPN310A have unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. was established in 1994 and is mainly responsible for the sales and after -sales service of appliances, systems, environment, components and other products.     Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. WV-SPN310V has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. was established in 1994 and is mainly responsible for the sales and after -sales service of appliances, systems, environment, components and other products.     Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. WV-SP305 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"BRICKCOM Corporation (Brickcom Corporation) is composed of R & D teams with rich monitoring industry experience to develop digital monitoring products with advanced technology. Including millions of network cameras, wireless network cameras, video servers, 3G video transmission (NVR) embedded network hard disk recording machines, CMS client platform system, etc.     BRICS Communication Technology Co., Ltd. VD-130AE camera has a weak loophole, and an attacker can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Established in 1979, 3COM is an American equipment provider, providing security products, integrated voice equipment, and data network solutions for various large -scale enterprises.     3Com-Officeconnect Adsl Wireless 11G Firewall Router has a weak passage vulnerability, and the attacker can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. is mainly responsible for the sales and after -sales service activities of home appliances, systems, environment, components and other products.     Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. WV-X6531 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"HP-COLOR-LASERJET-MFP-M277N is a printer of HP Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.     HP COLORLORJET MFP M277N has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"HP Laserjet Pro M706N is a printer of HP Trade (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.     HP Laserjet Pro M706N has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"HP Officejet 5740 E-ALL-in-One Printer Series is a multifunctional integrated printer at HP Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.     HP Officejet 5740 E-ALL-in-One Printer Series has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"TL-IPC223 and other network camera products are all Pu Lian Technology Co., Ltd.     There are many vulnerabilities in Pu Lian Technology Co., Ltd., and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS P1354 Network Camera has an unauthorized visit vulnerability. The attacker can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS P1346 Network Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS P1344 Network Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS Q1614 Network Camera has an unauthorized visit vulnerability. The attacker can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS P1311 Network Camera has an unauthorized visit vulnerability. The attacker can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS P1343 Network Camera has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"MFP S2815DN, etc. are color laser printers of Dell.     There are unauthorized access vulnerabilities in Dell's various printer products, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Officejet Pro is HP's multi -functional integrated printer series.     The HP Officejet Pro series products have unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to access the configuration page to obtain sensitive information.",es
"The Lexmark M series is the product of the LEXMARK company. Lexmark M is an M series printer.     The Lexmark M series has an unauthorized visit vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"HP Envy 5540 All-I-in-One Printer Series printer is a multifunctional integrated printer of HP.     HP Envy 5540 All-in-One Printer Series printer has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to directly access the printer control interface without logging in to the printer control interface.",es
"HP Envy 5530 E-All-in-One Printer Series printer is a multifunctional integrated printer of HP Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.     HP Envy 5530 E-All-in-One Printer Series series printers have unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to directly access the printer control interface without logging in to the printer.",es
"HP Envy 5530 is an A4 inkjet multifunctional all -in printer for HP.     HP ENVY 5530 has an unauthorized visit vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. is an electronic manufacturer, engaged in the production and sales of various electrical products.     The Panasonic-SF335 camera has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Cisco is the world's leading network solution supplier.     Cisco Wireless-G Internet Home Monitoring Camera has an unauthorized visit vulnerability. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Shenzhen Baoruiming Technology Co., Ltd. is a high -tech camera manufacturer integrating R & D, manufacturing, sales, and service. It provides face recognition for global users. Living detection is high -quality products based on Hisilicon Smart Hardware.     Shenzhen Bao Ruiming Technology Co., Ltd. Web IPCAMERA has logical defect vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to modify the data packet by grabbing the package, log in to the background, and get sensitive information.",es
"BRICKCOM Corporation (Brickcom Corporation) is composed of R & D teams with rich monitoring industry experience to develop digital monitoring products with advanced technology. Including millions of network cameras, wireless network cameras, video servers, 3G video transmission (NVR) embedded network hard disk recording machines, CMS client platform system, etc.     BRICKCOM Camera has a weak loophole in the Brickcom camera, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Sanyo generally refers to Sanyo. Sanyo (Sanyo) is a large -scale enterprise group in Japan with a history of 60 years. It is headquartered in Osaka, Japan. The product involves many fields such as monitors, mobile phones, digital cameras, machinery, biopharmaceuticals.     Sanyo camera has a weak passage vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"WV-SW396 is a camera of Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd.     There are unauthorized access vulnerabilities in Panasonic camera, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Shenzhen Zhi'an Technology Co., Ltd. is committed to the research and development of video surveillance technology to provide users with humanized video surveillance solutions.     The Tantos series camera has a weak passage vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"360 Smart Camera Global AI version of the standard AP2C is a device under the 360 smart home platform, which can help the owner realize real -time monitoring of family conditions.     360 Smart Camera Global AI version of the standard AP2C has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use this vulnerability to initiate control operations that are high -level shared users, such as switching cameras, setting volume, and setting AI functions.",es
"Xiaoxing looked at the smart camera is an important device under the ZTE Smart Family Platform, which can help the owner realize real -time monitoring of family conditions.     Xiaoxing looked at the existence of unauthorized access vulnerabilities in the smart camera. The attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Infinova, founded in 1993. The company takes smart security as the core. It is a smart city, smart family solution provider and operating service provider, and provides global smart security, smart cities, smart families, big data and Internet operation services.     Infinova HD Network PTZ Dome Camera exists in a weak passing vulnerability. The attacker can log in to the background of the system by default to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Tianyi watching store is a field -based security business launched by CICC Hongxin Information Technology Co., Ltd. to integrate cameras, videos, real -time monitoring, Yuntai control, alarm, and storage as a place for visual management for companies and stores. The management software and Internet service platforms use computers and smartphones as medium to achieve remote control and help users better carry out security and visual management.     China Telecom Tianyi store camera has a weak passage vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"AQARA Smart Camera G2H is a smart camera with 1080P image quality and 140 ° wide -angle.     AQARA smart camera G2H (gateway version) has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain remote access control of the device through WIFI without the permission of the device owner.",es
"Shenzhen Jingyang Technology Co., Ltd. is the leading domestic smart video product and solution provider to focus on the development and innovation of smart video products and solutions worldwide.     Shenzhen Jingyang Technology Co., Ltd. camera has a weak passage. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"The SNC series camera is a network monitoring product produced by Sony.     Sony (China) Co., Ltd. SNC series camera has unauthorized visit vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Pu Lian Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "TP-Link") is a global network communication equipment supplier.     The TP-Link hard disk video recorder has command execution vulnerabilities, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain the server management authority.",es
"Pu Lian Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "TP-Link") is a global network communication equipment supplier.     TP-LINK network cameras have rejected service vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to cause refusal service attacks.",es
"Shenzhen Ruiyuan Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Ruiyan Technology) is a one -stop ecological solution provider of pan -video and AI pan -video.     There are unauthorized access vulnerabilities in Ruishi Camera, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Shenzhen Ruiyuan Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as Ruiyan Technology) is a one -stop ecological solution provider of pan -video and AI pan -video.     There are logical defect vulnerabilities in Ruiyan Camera, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Tianshitong is a network video surveillance solution and core circuit module supplier.     There is a vulnerability of the Tianshitong network camera, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to affect the availability of the system.",es
"SIMATIC S7-1200 is a compact and modular PLC that can complete tasks such as simple logical control, advanced logic control, HMI and network communication.     Simonzi SIMATIC S7-1200 has rejection of service vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to send specific commands through the UART interface when the device starts, resulting in rejection service.",es
"Beijing Guojia Smart Electronic Technology Co., Ltd. is an Internet smart lock company.     There are hijacking vulnerabilities on the smart gateway on behalf of the III, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain and modify the sensitive information.",es
"Beijing Guojia Smart Electronic Technology Co., Ltd. is an Internet smart lock company.     There are information leakage vulnerabilities in the intelligent gateway of Guojia III, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"D-Link DCS-2530L is a camera of Youxun Group (D-Link).     The D-Link DCS-2530L camera has an unauthorized RCE 0day vulnerability. The attacker can use the vulnerability to execute any command at the target device as a ROOT.",es
"Draytek Vigor series router is a dual WAN port safety firewall router designed for medium -sized enterprises.     Draytek Vigor series routers have commands to inject vulnerabilities, and attackers can use vulnerabilities to execute arbitrary commands to obtain router permissions.",es
"The Alibaba Cloud IoT platform is a cloud service platform for the Internet of Things. It can communicate through the mainstream IoT protocol (such as MQTT). It can build the IoT project between smart devices and clouds.     The Alibaba Cloud IoT platform has an unauthorized access loophole, and the attacker can use the news of the vulnerability to directly receive the subscription theme.",es
"Baidu Sky Smart Smart Platform is a cloud service platform for the Internet of Things. It can communicate through the mainstream IoT protocol (such as MQTT). It can build a IoT project between the smart devices and the cloud.     The Baidu Sky Sky Smart Platform RETAINED MESSAGE has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use vulnerabilities to send information.",es
"Zhejiang Dahua Technology Co., Ltd. is a smart IoT solution provider and operating service provider with video as the core.     Dahua Camera SSH service has command execution vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain the camera ROOT execution permissions.",es
"Zhejiang Dahua Technology Co., Ltd. is a smart IoT solution provider and operating service provider with video as the core.     The security certification of Dahua's model network camera has logical defect vulnerabilities. The attacker can forge the data packet and call the interface to execute any command.",es
"China Telecom Group Co., Ltd. is a large -scale state -owned communications enterprise in China and global partners of the Shanghai World Expo. It has been selected as "Fortune 500 Enterprises" for many years. It mainly operates comprehensive information services such as fixed telephone, mobile communications, satellite communications, Internet access, and applications. China Telecom Tianyi Intelligent Gateway/Tianyi Broadband Home Gateway is a necessary device installed by China Telecom to buy users for the purchase of telecommunications broadband. The equipment installation range involves 33 provinces and cities.     China Telecom Intelligent Gateway Management Platform has command executing vulnerabilities. Attackers can use vulnerabilities to monitor the traffic of light cat connecting users, network hijacking and rebounding root shell to remote servers.",es
"China Mobile's smart home gateway CM113-Z is a general gateway device for China Mobile Communications.     China Mobile Communications Group's smart home gateway CM113-Z has command execution vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to execute arbitrary system commands on the device.",es
"Intelligent high -definition network ball camera is a monitoring equipment for Changzhou Shuoxin Electronic Technology Co., Ltd.     Changzhou Shuoxin Electronic Technology Co., Ltd. Intelligent high -definition network ball -type camera has any file download vulnerability. The attacker can use the vulnerability to use the "../" jump directory to download any file.",es
"Touch Cloud OS is the only intelligent route OS used by Alibaba. Ali's intelligent series routers use touch cloud firmware and can be controlled by Ali Smart APP.     A number of Ali smart series routers have login and bypass vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to bypass the login interface to obtain administrator permissions.",es
"Sichuan Tianyi Kanghe Communication Co., Ltd. is based on the optical communication industry and the mobile communications industry. Deep -covered signal, smart visual equipment and optical fiber communication wiring and connection equipment.     Sichuan Tianyi Kanghe Communication Co., Ltd. Wi-Fi6 router has XSS vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information such as user cookies.",es
"TOTOLINK X5000R is an AX1800 Wi-Fi 6 router with the latest generation of Wi-Fi 6 technology.     TOTOLINK X5000R routers have binary vulnerabilities, and long -range attackers can use this vulnerability to cause refusal service attacks.",es
"TY-6201A is a wireless router that supports Wi-Fi6 with high cost-effective all-frequency band.     Sichuan Tianyi Kanghe Communication Co., Ltd. TY-6201A has logical defect vulnerabilities. The attacker can use this vulnerability to request a specific path to realize the password of the unrealistic modification through the POST request.",es
"TY-6201A is a wireless router that supports Wi-Fi6 with high cost-effective all-frequency band.     TY-6201A in Sichuan Tianyi Kanghe Communication Co., Ltd. has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Ruijie Network is a professional network manufacturer with full -series network equipment and solutions including switches, routers, software, security firewalls, wireless products, storage, etc.     Beijing Xingwang Ruijie Network Technology Co., Ltd. EWEB network management system has file download vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"TOTOLINK T8 is a wireless dual -frequency router of TOTOLINK China.     TOTOLINK T8 has a buffer overflow vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to cause rejection.",es
"Mingyu Safety Gate builds the next -generation security protection system for full -process defense, and integrates traditional firewalls, invasion detection, invasion defense system, anti -virus gateway, Internet behavior control, VPN gateway, threat intelligence and other intelligent security modules. Essence     Hangzhou Anheng Information Technology Co., Ltd. Mingyu Safety Gate has an order to execute vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain server control.",es
"A3002MU is a router.     TOTOLINK A3002MU has a weak passage vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Totolink A720R is a wireless router.     TOTOLINK A720R has hard -coding vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Totolink A7000R is a wireless router.     TOTOLINK A7000R has logical defect vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"PISCES HOTSPOT Gateway is a gateway product.     PISCES HOTSPOT Gateway has command execution vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain server control.",es
"TP-LINK WA850RE, etc. are wireless extensors under TP-Link.     A variety of wireless extensions have remote command executing vulnerabilities, and attackers can use vulnerabilities to be executed with unauthorized remote commands.",es
"TP-LINK WA850RE, etc. are wireless extensors under TP-Link.     A number of wireless extensions have unauthorized configuration file leakage vulnerabilities. Remote attackers can use vulnerabilities to access the configuration file of the specific route that unauthorized downloading the target device. This configuration file is encrypted by a hard-coded Key. Sensitive information such as passwords (bright text), web management system password (MD5).",es
"RG-NBR700GW is a Gigabit Enterprise-level router.     Beijing Xingwang Ruijie Network Technology Co., Ltd. RG-NBR700G has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Totolink A3100R is a wireless router.     TOTOLINK A3100R has command execution vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain server control.",es
"N600R is a wireless router.     TOTOLINK N600R has logical defect vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to bypass login restrictions.",es
"Totolink N300RH is a wireless router.     TOTOLINK N300RH has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Totolink A3002RU is a Gigabit dual -frequency router.     TOTOLINK A3002RU has command execution vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain server permissions.",es
"Totolink N600R is a wireless router.     Totolink N600R routers have command execution vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to implement arbitrary commands.",es
"TL-WDR7660 is a router.     Putian Technology Co., Ltd. TL-WDR7660 has a stack overflow vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain server permissions.",es
"Totolink A702R is a router product.     TOTOLINK A702R has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Totolink A3002RU is a Gigabit dual -frequency router.     TOTOLINK A3002RU has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"TOTOLINK is a brand in the Asia Pacific region.     TOTOLINK's multiple router authentication bypass the vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to use ROOT permissions to be arbitrarily ordered at the standard device.",es
"Beijing Xingwang Ruijie Network Technology Co., Ltd. is a professional network manufacturer with a full range of network equipment and solutions including switches, routers, software, safety firewalls, wireless products, storage, etc.     The Ruijie EG2000 series Easy Gateway Web management system has command execution vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain server control.",es
"USG2210E security gateway is a new generation of firewall/UTM device designed for small and medium -sized enterprises/branches.     Huawei USG2210E has a weak passing vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Huawei AR1220F-S is a new generation of enterprise Gigabit router.     Huawei AR1220F-S has a weak passage vulnerability. The attacker can use the vulnerability to log in to the background of the system to obtain sensitive information.",es
"H3C GR1108-P is a new generation of high-performance enterprise-level routers launched by H3C.     H3C GR1108-P has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Dongsoft NETEYE VPN gateway system is a professional VPN device. It uses standard SSL and TLS protocols. At the same time, it supports IPSEC VPN and SSLVPN VPNs, non -plug -in or firewall VPN module devices.     The East Soft NETEYE VPN gateway system has a weak passage vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"DIR-846 router is a wireless router product created for users with the needs of e-sports games and film and television entertainment.     Youxun Electronic Equipment (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. DIR-846 has command execution vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to execute any code.",es
"Huawei USG2205BSR is a large -scale capacity router launched by Huawei.     Huawei USG2205BSR has a weak passage vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Ruijie Network Co., Ltd. is a professional network manufacturer with a series of network equipment and solutions including switches, routers, software, safety firewalls, wireless products, storage and other full -series network equipment.     The Ruijie NBR router has command execution vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain server control.",es
"Huawei SVN2230 is a VPN gateway.     Huawei SVN2230 has a weak loophole, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Huawei AR2240 is an enterprise -level router product developed by Huawei.     Huawei Technology Co., Ltd. AR2240 series has a weak passage vulnerability, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Beijing-neighboring Technology Co., Ltd. is a professional Wi-Fi technology that is committed to combining Internet technology with traditional industries to help industry customers embrace the Internet and create new value for traditional industries.     There are storage XSS vulnerabilities on the smart gateway configuration platform of Beijing Biji Technology Co., Ltd., and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information such as user cookies.",es
"Ruijie Network Co., Ltd. is a professional network manufacturer with a series of network equipment and solutions including switches, routers, software, safety firewalls, wireless products, storage and other full -series network equipment.     The Rui Jie NBR router has SQL injection vulnerabilities, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain the sensitive information of the database.",es
"Hong Kong Broadband Network Co., Ltd. is a leading supplier of comprehensive telecommunications and technology solutions.     Hong Kong Broadband Network Co., Ltd. Tilgin Router has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"NBR2100G-E is an enterprise-level gateway.     The Ruijie Network NBR2100G-E router has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Leico B21 is a wireless router.     There is a vulnerability for weak passage of Leike B21, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"RG-MA1210 is a wireless router.     The Ruijie Network RG-MA1210 has a weak passage vulnerability. The attacker uses a weak password to log in to the background to obtain sensitive information.",es
"H3C AOLYNK BR304+is a network security router.     H3C AOLYNK BR304+has a weak passage vulnerability, and the attacker can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Shenzhen Jixiang Tengda Technology Co., Ltd. is a high -tech enterprise integrating independent research and development, production and sales network equipment.     There is an unauthorized access loophole in Tenda routers, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Hangzhou Haikangwei Digital Technology Co., Ltd. is an intelligent IoT solution and big data service provider with video as the core.     There is an unauthorized visit vulnerability in Haikangwei's networking gateway, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"The SPAM SQR mail security gateway is a new generation of email filtering system, which separates garbage and threatening emails to provide different behavioral management functions.     Shounan Information Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. SPAM SQR Email Security Gate has any file reading vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"IVMS-8201E-NCG is a telecommunications-level network gateway equipment that integrates gateway services, media gateway services, security certification, authority management, log management, and network management functions. Monitoring platforms and interconnection.     Hangzhou Haikangwei Digital Technology Co., Ltd. IVMS-8201E-NCG has a weak passage vulnerability. The attacker uses weak passwords to log in to the background to obtain sensitive information.",es
"HUAWEI HG659 is a home gateway.     HUAWEI HG659 has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Shenzhen Leading Technology Co., Ltd. (referred to as "Leading Technology") is a supplier of network communication equipment that is rooted in Shenzhen radiating. It is committed to the research and development of online communication equipment products.     The Wifisky 7 -layer flow control router has command execution vulnerabilities, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain the server control.",es
"Shenzhen Jixiang Tengda Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Tengda") is a professional network communication equipment and solution supplier. It is also a high -tech enterprise integrating R & D, production, supply, sales, and service.     Tengda enterprise -level routers have weak passage vulnerabilities. The attackers use weak passwords to log in to the background to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Shenzhen Zhizhi Gaoxin Technology Development Co., Ltd. was established in September 2013. It is a high -tech enterprise with independent intellectual property rights, professional R & D, production and sales smart home.     The lantern fruit router has a vulnerability of weak passage. The attacker uses a weak password to log in to the background to obtain sensitive information.",es
"RG_NBR900G is a wireless router.     Rui Jie Network Co., Ltd. RG_NBR900G has a weak passage vulnerability, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Tenda AC9 is a wireless router launched by Shenzhen Jixiang Tengda Technology Co., Ltd..     Tenda AC9 has rejection of service vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to cause rejection of service.",es
"RG-NBR700W is a router for internet behavior management. It is a router designed for full-time office scenes.     Rui Jie Network Co., Ltd. RG-NBR700W has a weak passage vulnerability, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Ruijie Network Co., Ltd. is a professional network manufacturer with a series of network equipment and solutions including switches, routers, software, safety firewalls, wireless products, storage and other full -series network equipment.     Beijing Xingwang Ruijie Network Technology Co., Ltd. has any files to read vulnerabilities in any document, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain system sensitive information.",es
"Shenzhen Jixiang Tengda Technology Co., Ltd. is a high -tech enterprise integrating independent research and development, production and sales network equipment.     There are unauthorized access vulnerabilities in Tenda 11N wireless routers, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Shanghai Anda Tong Information Security Technology Co., Ltd. is a high -tech enterprise founded on February 8, 2002 in Zhangjiang High -tech Park, Pudong. R & D manufacturer.     The TPN-2G gateway console has a weak loophole. The attacker uses a weak password to log in to the background to obtain sensitive information.",es
"PRTG Network Monitor is a computer network monitor that monitor network computers, routers, switches, firewalls, database servers and other contents.     PRTG Network Monitor has a weak passage vulnerability. The attacker uses a weak password to log in to the background to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Small router is a smart router product launched by Baidu, which can transmit cloud data arbitrarily and support remote download of audiovisual resources.     Small routes have unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Small router is a smart router product launched by Baidu, which can transmit cloud data arbitrarily and support remote download of audiovisual resources.     Small routes exist to execute vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain server control.",es
"Small router is a smart router product launched by Baidu, which can transmit cloud data arbitrarily and support remote download of audiovisual resources.     Small routing video version has command execution vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain server control permissions.",es
"NR255G is a router for Shenzhen Leike Industrial Co., Ltd.     Shenzhen Leike Industrial Co., Ltd. NR255G has a weak passage vulnerability, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"NBR6210-E is an Internet-per-Internet behavioral management router launched by Rui Jie. It is a router designed for the whole scene of the office.     NBR6210-E has any file reading vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to read any system file.",es
"SWW-3100BG is a router for Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. SWW-3100BG has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"DCME-520 is a new generation of high-performance Internet export gateway launched by Division Digital Network Co., Ltd. with a multi-core and high-performance processor, combined with dedicated ASIC exchange chips, and launched a new generation of high-performance Internet export gateways for large-capacity users, multi-traffic, and multi-business types of business needs.     Beijing Shenzhou Digital Cloud Information Technology Co., Ltd. DCME-520 has command execution vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain server control.",es
"China Mobile Communications Corporation is the largest mobile communication operator in China. It mainly operates mobile phonetic, data, IP phones and multimedia businesses.     China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd. has an command to execute vulnerabilities in the intelligent edge gateway, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to execute any command.",es
"Netgear R8000 is a Gigabit router.     The Netgear R8000 has binary vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to cause stack overflow.",es
"Leguang is the brand of wireless network series products independently developed by Shenzhen Chaohenghui Network Technology Co., Ltd., products cover: smart gateway, digital network bridge, smart wireless router, POE switch, and so on.     Shenzhen Chaohenghui Technology Co., Ltd. Leguang Equipment Management System has SQL injection vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain database sensitive information.",es
"Beijing Amboto Technology Co., Ltd. is a special core system product and security service provider for visual network security.     Amborgal deep security gateway has file download vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Hangzhou Haikangwei Digital Technology Co., Ltd. is the leading security product and industry solution provider.     There is a weak loophole in Hikvision's security access gateway. The attacker can use this vulnerability to log in to the background to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Chengdu Feiyuxing Technology Co., Ltd. is one of the few local enterprises with independent intellectual property rights and independent research and development capabilities in the industry. It focuses on high -tech enterprises with innovative research and development of product innovation in the industry and the Internet of Things industry.     Flying Fish Star's next -generation firewall security gateway has any file download vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Hangzhou Haikangwei Digital Technology Co., Ltd. is the leading security product and industry solution provider.     Hainanwei Safety access gateway has any file download vulnerabilities. The attacker can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Star Wisdom, as the core business unit of Xingwang Ruijie, is a leading integration communication solution provider in China.     Starnet smart SVG6000 series voice gateway has a weak passage. The attacker uses a weak password to log in to the background to obtain sensitive information.",es
"HUAWEI HG659 is a home gateway.     HUAWEI HG659 has any file reading vulnerabilities, and attackers can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"RG-EW1200G is a dual-frequency dual Gigabit wireless router.     The Rujie network RG-EW1200G has command execution vulnerabilities. The attacker can use this vulnerability to obtain the website server control.",es
"D-Link Dir-818LW is a wireless router.     D-Link DIR-818LW has a weak passing loophole. The attacker can log in to the background with weak passwords to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Beijing Zhimin Technology Development Co., Ltd. is a high -tech enterprise specializing in the research and development, production, sales, leasing and services of security inspection, anti -terrorism, police, fire rescue and explosion equipment.     There is a weak loophole in Min -tech enterprise -level flow control cloud router, and the attacker uses the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"DIR-850L is a wireless AC1200 dual-frequency Gigabit cloud router.     D_LINK DIR-850L has a weak passage vulnerability, and the attacker can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information",es
"TOTOLINK is a brand held by Jiong Weng Electronics (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.. The company was established in 1999. It is one of the world's leading network equipment suppliers.     Totolink T10 routers have command execution vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to execute any command.",es
"TOTOLINK is a brand held by Jiong Weng Electronics (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.. The company was established in 1999. It is one of the world's leading network equipment suppliers.     Totolink T10 routers have command execution vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to execute any command.",es
"P1355 is a network camera of Axis Communications AB.     Axis Communications AB P1355 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"M1014 is a network camera of Axis Communications AB.     Axis Communications AB M1014 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"216MFD is a network camera device of Axis Communications AB.     Axis Communications AB 216MFD has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Founded in 1993, Mippongxin Technology Co., Ltd. is the leading domestic product and solution supplier.     Mopa Tongxin Technology Co., Ltd. MPSEC ISG1000 security gateway has any file download vulnerability, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"AXIS 210A is a network camera of Axis Communications AB.     Axis Communications AB 210A has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"AXIS 211A is a network camera of Axis Communications AB.     Axis Communications AB 211a has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis 207W is a network camera of Axis Communications AB.     Axis Communications AB 207W has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Founded in 1987, Huawei Technology Co., Ltd. is the world's leading ICT (information and communication) infrastructure and smart terminal providers.     Huawei Technology Co., Ltd. HG630 V2 Home Gateway has a weak loophole, and an attacker can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. was established in 1994 and is mainly responsible for the sales and after -sales service of appliances, systems, environment, components and other products.     Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. WV-SF336 has unauthorized visit vulnerabilities. The attacker can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. was established in 1994 and is mainly responsible for the sales and after -sales service of appliances, systems, environment, components and other products.     Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. WV-SW396 has unauthorized visit vulnerabilities. The attacker can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. was established in 1994 and is mainly responsible for the sales and after -sales service of appliances, systems, environment, components and other products.     Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. WV-SW458 has unauthorized visit vulnerabilities. The attacker can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Founded in 2009, Feixun Data Communication Technology Co., Ltd. is a scientific and technological innovation enterprise providing users with smart products and cloud services in the smart home field.     There are vulnerabilities in Feixun Router K3C. The attacker can log in to the background with weak passwords to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Bizhub C364E, Bizhub 227, Bizhub 554E, Bizhub 363, Bizhub 283, Bizhub C224E, Bizhub C284E and Bizhub C258 are the printer products of Konica Minea Group.     There are unauthorized visit vulnerabilities in a number of Kenica Meta products. The attacker can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Jiangsu Huaiye Huaiye is an original manufacturer with two autonomous core technologies with video cloud exchange and wireless broadband special network communication.     Jiangsu Huaiye Information Technology Co., Ltd. has an unauthorized access loophole in the video fusion gateway, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Dell 5130cdn color laser is a printer.     Dell 5130cdn COLOR LASER has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"ZTE Corporation is the world's leading comprehensive communication solution provider.     ZTE Tianyi Intelligent Gateway has unauthorized visit vulnerabilities. The attacker can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"ZXR10 6800 series router is a new generation of high -performance multi -business router products launched by ZTE Corporation.     The ZXR10 6800 series has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to access the background by constructing a specific URL.",es
"NBG2105 is a router for Zhongqin Communication Equipment Trade (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.     Zhongqin Communication Equipment Trade (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. NBG2105 has unauthorized visit vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Shenzhen Jixiang Tengda Technology Co., Ltd. is a high -tech enterprise integrating independent research and development, production and sales network equipment.     Many AC routers in Shenzhen Jixiang Tengda Technology Co., Ltd. have rejected service vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to cause refusal service attacks.",es
"Shenzhen Jixiang Tengda Technology Co., Ltd. is a high -tech enterprise integrating independent research and development, production and sales network equipment.     Many AC routers in Shenzhen Jixiang Tengda Technology Co., Ltd. have binary vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to cause refusal service attacks.",es
"Shenzhen Jixiang Tengda Technology Co., Ltd. is a high -tech enterprise integrating independent research and development, production and sales network equipment.     Many Tengda AC routers exist on the buffer overflow vulnerability, and the attacker can use this vulnerability to cause a refusal service attack.",es
"Lexmark T640 is a printer product.     Lexmark T640 has unauthorized vulnerabilities. The attacker can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"5MP Network Camera is a camera product.     FineTree 5MP Network Camera exists in logical defect vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"FineTree-5MP-Network-Camera is a network camera.     FineTree-5MP-Network-Camera has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"The RG-UAC 6000-ISG series video surveillance security gateway is the video surveillance network security reinforcement product independently developed by Rui Jie Network.     The RG-UAC 6000-ISG video access security gateway has a weak passage vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Ruijie Network Co., Ltd. is a professional network manufacturer with a series of network equipment and solutions including switches, routers, software, safety firewalls, wireless products, storage and other full -series network equipment.     Rui Jie Network Co., Ltd. has logical defect vulnerabilities in EG Easy Gatements, and attackers can use this vulnerability to delete any files on the server.",es
"Guangzhou Tongjicheng Electronics Technology Co., Ltd. is a "TGS-AGW" series of security gateway products focusing on independent intellectual property rights. Products, network security products, etc.     The TGS-AGW gateway of Guangzhou Tongjin Electronics Technology Co., Ltd. has a weak loophole. The attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Shenzhen Foskom Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. is a high -tech company headquartered in Shenzhen, Guangdong, specializing in network camera products. Shenzhen Foskom Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. Real-Time H.264 IP Camera Monitoring System has a weak passing vulnerability, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Shenzhen Anjoy Vision Information Technology Co., which (LTD. Anjiawei), is a high -tech enterprise integrating R & D, production, sales and services. Shenzhen Anjiaweang Information Technology Co., Ltd. smart camera has a weak passage vulnerability. The attacker can use this vulnerability to log in to the background to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Lexmark XM3250 is a printer of Lexmark International Inc. Lexmark XM3250 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Lexmark XC2235 is a printer of Lexmark International Inc. Lexmark XC2235 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"X463DE is a printer of Lexmark International Inc. Lexmark X463DE has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"MS521DN is a printer of Lexmark International Inc. Lexmark MS521DN has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"MFC-L2710DW Series is a multifunctional printer. Brother INDUSTRIES MFC-L2710dw Series has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"207W7w Network Camera is a network camera. AXIS 207W Network Camera has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Matsushita Electric (China) Co., Ltd. is a manufacturer of sales and after -sales service activities of domestic appliances, systems, environment, components and other products. Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. WV-SFN310A has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. provides printers and multi -functional all -in -one machines suitable for small and medium -sized enterprises and personal families, which can meet the management needs of different documents in enterprises, production -type digital printers, large -faced static digital printing machines, etc. Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. DOCUPRINT P455 D has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"DH-SD6C82E-GN is a high-definition network ball camera. Zhejiang Dahua Technology Co., Ltd. DH-SD6C82E-GN has a weak loophole, and attackers can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Network Camera WV-SFV311 is a network camera. Panasonic Electric (China) Co., Ltd. NETWORK Camera WV-SFV311 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions. AXIS P1425-Le-Network-Camera has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions. Axis Axis-Printserver has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Ricoh (China) Investment Co., Ltd. offers services and solutions such as document output management services and IT solutions (such as MFP, printers, etc.), production -type digital printing machines, etc. Ricoh (China) Investment Co., Ltd. AFICIO MP C2800 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Ricoh (China) Investment Co., Ltd. offers services and solutions such as document output management services and IT solutions (such as MFP, printers, etc.), production -type digital printing machines, etc.     A variety of printers in Ricoh (China) Investment Co., Ltd. have unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"New Capital (Qingdao) Office System Co., Ltd. is a professional office equipment company integrating research, development, production and sales, and after -sales.     New Capital (Qingdao) Office System Co., Ltd. Sindoh A603_A608 has an unauthorized visit vulnerability. The attacker can use the vulnerability unauthorized access to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Ricoh (China) Investment Co., Ltd. offers services and solutions such as document output management services and IT solutions (such as MFP, printers, etc.), production -type digital printing machines, etc.     Rico (China) Investment Co., Ltd. Ricoh AFICIO MP C305 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"ISCS is an access control all -in -one.     Shenzhen Cexeros Technology Co., Ltd. has SQL injection vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain database sensitive information.",es
"Realme provides young users with high -quality mobile phones and AIOT products with both Vietnamese performance and trendy design.     Realme Q3 5G has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. SL-M4020ND has a weak passage vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"NYSE (LXK) is a US company, which is the development and manufacturer of laser printers, as well as providers of content management software. The main service target is commercial users.     Lexmark MC2425ADW has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"NYSE (LXK) is a US company, which is the development and manufacturer of laser printers, as well as providers of content management software. The main service target is commercial users.     Lexmark CX517DE has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"NYSE (LXK) is a US company, which is the development and manufacturer of laser printers, as well as providers of content management software. The main service target is commercial users.     Lexmark B2338DW has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Hewlett-Packard (HP) is one of the information technology (IT) company, which was established in 1939 1. Headquartered in Palo Alto, Parolo, California. HP has three major business groups: information product group, printing and imaging system group and enterprise computer professional service group.     HP Laserjet MFP M426FDW printers have unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Ricoh (China) Investment Co., Ltd. offers services and solutions such as document output management services and IT solutions (such as MFP, printers, etc.), production -type digital printing machines, etc.     Rico (China) Investment Co., Ltd. Ricoh Aficio series printers have unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Ricoh (China) Investment Co., Ltd. offers services and solutions such as document output management services and IT solutions (such as MFP, printers, etc.), production -type digital printing machines, etc.     There are multiple printers in Ricoh (China) Investment Co., Ltd. there are unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability that the vulnerabilities are unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"MP C6004EX is a color digital composite.     Ricoh (China) Investment Co., Ltd. MP C6004EX has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"MP C3004EX is a color digital composite.     Ricoh (China) Investment Co., Ltd. MP C3004EX has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Ricoh (China) Investment Co., Ltd. offers services and solutions such as document output management services and IT solutions (such as MFP, printers, etc.), production -type digital printing machines, etc.     Ricoh (China) Investment Co., Ltd. MP 402SPF has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Ricoh (China) Investment Co., Ltd. offers services and solutions such as document output management services and IT solutions (such as MFP, printers, etc.), production -type digital printing machines, etc.     A number of products in Ricoh (China) Investment Co., Ltd. have unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"MP C2004EX is a digital composite.     Ricoh (China) Investment Co., Ltd. MP C2004EX has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Ricoh (China) Investment Co., Ltd. offers services and solutions such as document output management services and IT solutions (such as MFP, printers, etc.), production -type digital printing machines, etc.     Ricoh (China) Investment Co., Ltd. MP C307 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung Galaxy S10 is a new generation of smartphone flagship model launched by Samsung, South Korea, equipped with Qualcomm Snapdragon 855 processor, 6.1 inches on the screen.     Samsung Galaxy S10 has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"HUAWEI M6 is equipped with a flagship Kirin 980 processor, supporting 2560*1600 2K high -definition screens, etc.     HUAWEI M6 has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Epson (China) Co., Ltd. was established in 1998 and is headquartered in Beijing. It is responsible for the investment and business expansion of Epson in China.     Epson (China) Co., Ltd. L6190 Series has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. M2070 Series has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. K7400LX has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. K4305LX has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. K3250NR has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. K401LX has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. CLX-9821 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. CLX-9352 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. CLX-9301 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. CLX-9252 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. CLX-9251 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. C485W has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. C485FW has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. C480W has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. C480FW has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. C430W has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. As of the end of 2008, 20 of Samsung's more than 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, etc.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. C410 Series has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"CLX-9201 is a colorful composite machine of Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. CLX-9201 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"HP Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. is a company that operates in computer equipment, printing equipment, video equipment, electronic products and related parts of the above products.     HP COLORLORJET MFP M281FDW has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"HP Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. is a company that operates in computer equipment, printing equipment, video equipment, electronic products and related parts of the above products.     HP Laserjet M605 has a weak passage vulnerability. The attacker uses a weak password to log in to the background to obtain sensitive information.",es
"HP Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. is a company in its business scope including computer software and hardware equipment, printing equipment, video equipment, communication equipment, etc.     HP Pagewide Pro 477DW MFP has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Hewlett-Packard (HP) is one of the information technology (IT) companies, established in 1939 HP headquarters in Parolo Alto, California, USA. HP has three major business groups: information product group, printing and imaging system group and enterprise computer professional service group.     HP Laserjet Pro M501DN printers have unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Hewlett-Packard (HP) is one of the information technology (IT) companies, established in 1939 HP headquarters in Parolo Alto, California, USA. HP has three major business groups: information product group, printing and imaging system group and enterprise computer professional service group.     HP Laserjet MFP M130FW printers have unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. 20 of Samsung's 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, Samsung Corning, Samsung Network, Samsung Life, Samsung Fire, Samsung Securities, Samsung Products.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. CLX-4190 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. 20 of Samsung's 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, Samsung Corning, Samsung Network, Samsung Life, Samsung Fire, Samsung Securities, Samsung Products.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. CLX-6260 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to perform unauthorized access to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. 20 of Samsung's 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, Samsung Corning, Samsung Network, Samsung Life, Samsung Fire, Samsung Securities, Samsung Products.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. SL-J3570FW has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker uses the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. is the headquarters of Samsung Group in China. 20 of Samsung's 30 companies have invested in China, including Samsung Electronics, Samsung SDI, Samsung SDS, Samsung Electric, Samsung Corning, Samsung Network, Samsung Life, Samsung Fire, Samsung Securities, Samsung Products.     Samsung (China) Investment Co., Ltd. CLP-680 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fujifilm was founded on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Setle in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     FUJIFILM DOCUPRINT CM305 DF has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. DOCUPRINT CP305 D has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. DOCUPRINT M225 DW has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. DOCUPRINT M285 Z has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fujifilm was founded on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Setle in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     FUJIFILM DOCUPRINT M355 DF has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. Docucentre-IV C2260 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. Docucentre-III 2007 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. APEOSPORT-V C4475 T2 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. APEOSPORT-IV C3375 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Schneider Electric (China) Co., Ltd. is the leader of the global energy efficiency management field. The main businesses include power, industrial automation, infrastructure, energy conservation and efficiency, energy, energy, building automation and security electronics, data centers and smart living spaces.     Schneider Electric (China) Co., Ltd. Powerlogic ION8600 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Hewlett-Packard (HP) is one of the information technology (IT) company, which was established in 1939 1. Headquartered in Palo Alto, Parolo, California. HP has three major business groups: information product group, printing and imaging system group and enterprise computer professional service group.     HP Laserjet MFP M227SDN has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Schneider Electric (China) Co., Ltd. is the leader of the global energy efficiency management field and was founded by the Schneider Brothers in 1836. The main businesses include power, industrial automation, infrastructure, energy conservation and efficiency, energy, energy, building automation and security electronics, data centers and smart living spaces.     Schneider Electric (China) Co., Ltd. Powerlogic ION8650 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Zhejiang Dahua Technology Co., Ltd. is the leading monitoring product supplier and solution service provider.     Zhejiang Dahua Co., Ltd. DH-SD-6A9226F-HNI has a weak passage vulnerability, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. Docucentre-IV C2265 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. Docucentre-V C2263 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. Docucentre-V 3065 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. Docucentre-V 3060 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. Docucentre-V 2060 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. Docucentre-IV 3060 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. Docucentre-IV 2060 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. Docucentre-II 4000 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. APEOSPORT-VI C3371 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. APEOSPORT-VI C3370 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. was established on January 3, 1995. It is a wholly -owned holding company of Fuji Schola in China with a registered capital of $ 39 million. The headquarters of Fuji Schola (China) Co., Ltd. is located in Beijing.     Fuji Shile (China) Co., Ltd. APEOSPORT-V C3375 T2 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the vulnerability to be unauthorized to obtain sensitive information and perform unauthorized operations.",es
"Cisco System (China) Network Technology Co., Ltd., business scope: research and development of computer network systems and communication systems; providing computer network systems, communication system installation, technical consulting, etc.     Cisco IP Phone CP-9971 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS Q7424-R Video Encoder has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Cisco IP Phone CP-8861 is an enterprise-level IP phone.     Cisco IP Phone CP-8861 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Cisco IP Phone CP-7911G is an IP phone.     Cisco IP Phone CP-7911G has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Cisco IP Phone CP-8851 is an enterprise-level IP phone.     Cisco IP Phone CP-8851 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Cisco IP Phone CP-8865 is an enterprise-level IP phone.     Cisco IP Phone CP-8865 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS 241S Video Server has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS 240Q Video Server has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Axis is an IT company that provides online video solutions.     AXIS P7214 Video Encoder has an unauthorized access vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"BRICKCOM Corporation (Brickcom Corporation) is composed of R & D teams with rich monitoring industry experience to develop digital monitoring products with advanced technology. Including millions of network cameras, wireless network cameras, video servers, 3G video transmission (NVR) embedded network hard disk recording machines, CMS client platform system, etc.     Brickcom-MD-300NP-360P has a weak passage vulnerability, and the attacker can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Teledyne Flir is a company focusing on design, development, production, marketing, and promotion to enhance professional technology.     Teledyne Flir Brickstream 2200 has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"HP Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. was established in 1999. The business scope includes: computer software and hardware equipment, printing equipment, video equipment, communication equipment, electronic products and related parts of the above products.     HP Laserjet 100 ColormFP M175NW and HP Color LaserJet MFP M183FW have unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"OPPO A92S is a 5G mobile phone owned by OPPO.     OPPO A92S has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Vivo X27 is a smartphone.     Vivo X27 has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"OnePlus8T is a smartphone.     OnePlus8t has information leakage vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the user's sensitive information.",es
"Meizu 16S Pro is a smartphone of Zhuhai Meizu Technology Co., Ltd..     Meizu 16S Pro has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Nokia 6.2 is a smartphone.     Nokia 6.2 has information leakage vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Nokia 7.2 is a smartphone.     Nokia 7.2 has information leakage vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"VSMART JOY 2+ is a smartphone.     VSMART JOY 2+ exists in information leakage vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"VSMART LIVE is a smartphone.     VSMART LIVE has information leakage vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Zenfone 4 Max (ZC520KL) is a smartphone.     Zenfone 4 Max (ZC520KL) has information leakage vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"ASUS Zenfone Live (L1) is a smartphone listed in 2018 in 2018.     Asus Zenfone Live (L1) mobile phones have information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Razer Phone, Razer Phone, is a smartphone of the Razer brand series.     The Razer Phone mobile phone has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"General Mobile is a Turkish smartphone manufacturer.     General Mobile GM8 has information leakage vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"General Mobile is a Turkish smartphone manufacturer.     General Mobile GM9 Pro has information leakage vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Guangdong Tianyu Network Technology Co., Ltd. operates: the development and sales of computer software and hardware technology; technology development and sales of Internet and mobile Internet software products; and the design of mobile communication equipment and software.     There are unauthorized access vulnerabilities in the vivo mobile phone interface, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Belkin Corporation is a global leading manufacturer of peripheral products, providing innovative connection technologies for users, digital and mobile products.     The LCAD03FLN series has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Belkin Corporation is a global leading manufacturer of peripheral products, providing innovative connection technologies for users, digital and mobile products.     The LCAD03VLNOD series has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Xiaoxin XY300 projector is a home, portable mini projector.     Lenovo Xiaoxin XY300 projector has a directory traversal vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"BRICS communication technology is the world's leading network video solution provider.     Brickcom FB-200NP cameras have weak passage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to get sensitive information.",es
"Flir Systems (INC.) focuses on design, development, production, marketing, and promotion to enhance professional technologies. Through thermal imaging, visible light imaging, video analysis, measurement and diagnosis, and advanced threat detection system, we bring innovative sensing solutions into daily life.     FC-Series has a weak loophole. The attacker uses the default weak password to log in to the background to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Flir Systems (INC.) focuses on design, development, production, marketing, and promotion to enhance professional technologies. Through thermal imaging, visible light imaging, video analysis, measurement and diagnosis, and advanced threat detection system, we bring innovative sensing solutions into daily life.     FB-Series has a weak loophole. The attacker uses the default weak password to log in to the background to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Asus Zenfone Max Pro (M2) is a smartphone.     Asus Zenfone Max Pro (M2) exists in information leakage vulnerabilities. The attacker can use loopholes to listen to the content of the user.",es
"Hisense has listed companies, Hisense Video (600060) and Hisense Home Appliances (000921) in Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hong Kong. (Ronshen) and Asko and other brands.     Hisense A5 series mobile phones have information leakage vulnerabilities. The attacker can use loopholes to listen to the content of the user.",es
"OPPO Find X is a smartphone launched by OPPO Guangdong Mobile Communications Co., Ltd.     OPPO Find X has information leakage vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the malicious APP to read the permissions of the commonly used external storage space to monitor the user's call content through the exposure component.",es
"BRICS communication technology takes Taiwan as the foundation, is committed to developing a full range of safety monitoring system products, and created its own brand "Brickcom". It has established a sound distribution channel system in the Americas, Europe, Asia, and New Australia.     Brickcom FB-200NP cameras have logical defect vulnerabilities. The attacker can use the recording order to add the administrator.",es
"Yongbo (Xiamen) Electric Technology Co., Ltd. was founded in 2010 and focused on the overall solution of sports control. It is a professional sports control product and solution provider.     Yongbo (Xiamen) Electric Technology Co., Ltd. WinbowPlc has binary vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to cause rejection of service.",es
"SUPERE32 L601 RTU is an integrated RTU of security technology, which is suitable for the SCADA system.     The Super32 L601 RTU has a reject service vulnerability, and the attacker can use this vulnerability to cause rejection of service.",es
"Campus IoT intelligent management systems can monitor and control all access devices, centralized management, data statistics, and statement presentation.     Shenzhen Kexu Technology Co., Ltd. has a weak passage vulnerability in the intelligent management system of the campus Internet of Things, and the attacker can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Zhejiang Dahua Technology Co., Ltd. is a smart IoT solution provider and operating service provider with video as the core.     Zhejiang Dahua Technology Co., Ltd. A3A04MG7 has rejection of service vulnerabilities. The attacker can use this vulnerability to cause rejection.",es
"Bosch (China) Investment Co., Ltd.'s operating scope includes investment in machinery manufacturing, light industry, electronics and information industry.     Bosch (China) Investment Co., Ltd. VRM has unauthorized access vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"China Mobile Communications Co., Ltd.'s business scope includes: IP telephone business; Data transmission business of Internet access to service business, Internet backbone network data transmission business; and design of network design such as mobile communication, IP phone and Internet network.     There are logical defect vulnerabilities in the Magic Box network set -top box, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.",es
"Penguin Aurora Box is a high -end network high -definition set -top box produced by Tencent Video and Skyworth Digital.     There is an unauthorized access loophole in the Penguin Aurora Box. The attacker can use the vulnerability to access the remote control TV with specific links.",es
"WJ95-RJ45 is a collection module of the Internet of Things and Industrial Ethernet, which realizes transparent data interaction between sensors and networks. The data of the sensor can be forwarded to the network or the data from the network can be forwarded to the sensor.     Wanjun WJ95-RJ45 has a reject service vulnerability. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to construct a specific network data packet to reject the device's rejection service, affecting the normal operation of the controller.",es
"Penguin Aurora Box is a high -end network high -definition set -top box produced by Tencent Video and Skyworth Digital.     Skyworth Digital Technology Co., Ltd. Penguin Aurora Box has rejection of service vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to cause rejection services.",es
"Nanrui Self -Control is a high -tech entity that integrates software development, hardware development, technical services, equipment production, and system sets.     The MB80-CPU722E has a reject service vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to cause rejection.",es
"The fields involving the fields include the overall solution of power management, video display, industrial automation, online communication products, and renewable energy -related products.     Delta DOP 107EG has rejection of service vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to cause rejection.",es
"Siemens RWG1.M12D S55370-C170 programmable universal controller integrates many years of Siemens's years of experience in buildings, HVAC and other industries. Based on universal hardware design, programmable software platforms, and powerful communication processing capabilities.     Siemens RWG1.M12D S55370-C170 has rejection service vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to cause rejection.",es
"The business scope of Beacon Communication Technology Co., Ltd. includes: optical fiber communication and related communication technology, information technology fields, industrial Internet, and the development of science and technology development in the field of Internet of Things.     HG220GS-U has a refusal service vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to cause rejection.",es
"Shenzhen Skyworth Digital Technology Co., Ltd. is a high -tech enterprise focusing on providing digital TV network audiovisual products and operations and services to global users.     DT541-CSF devices have rejected service vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to cause rejection.",es
"Rockwell Automation Co., Ltd. is the world's largest company that is committed to industrial automation and information, and is committed to helping customers improve productivity and sustainable development of the world.     Rockwell Automation Allen-Bradley 1756-En2T/D has a reject service vulnerability. The attacker can use this vulnerability to launch a refusal service attack.",es
"On Deck Thermal Cycler 8100100 is a temperature controller produced by Inheco in Germany, supporting Ethernet communication.     Inheco On Deck Thermal Cycler 8100100 has a refusal service vulnerability, and an attacker can use the vulnerability to launch a refusal service attack.",es
"ACS SPIIPLUSEC-08 is a sports controller produced by ACS Motion Control, supporting Ethernet communication.     The ACS Motion Control ACS SPIIPLUSEC-08 TCP protocol has a reject service vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to launch a refusal service attack.",es
"SCU9020 is the controller of Zhejiang Central Control TCS-900 security instrument system. It can configuration to the Ethernet communication module in the TCS-900 security instrument system.     Zhejiang Central Control TCS-900 security instrument system has rejected service vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to cause refusal service attacks.",es
"The TRICON security instrument system is Schneider Electric's security instrument system. The MP3009 module is the processor module of the Schneider Tricon security instrument system.     The MP3009 processor of the Schneider Tricon security instrument system has rejected service vulnerabilities. The attacker can use this vulnerability to launch a refusal service attack.",es
"The TRICON security instrument system is Schneider Electric's security instrument system. The TCM 4351B communication card is the communication card of the Schneider Tricon security instrument system, supporting Ethernet and serial communication.     The TCM 4351B communication card of the Schneider Tricon security instrument system has rejected service vulnerabilities. The attacker can use this vulnerability to launch a refusal service attack.",es
