D-Link DCS-2530L is a camera of Youxun Group (D-Link).     The D-Link DCS-2530L camera has an unauthorized RCE 0day vulnerability. The attacker can use the vulnerability to execute any command at the target device as a ROOT.
Pu Lian Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "TP-Link") is a global network communication equipment supplier.     The TP-Link hard disk video recorder has command execution vulnerabilities, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain the server management authority.
Pu Lian Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "TP-Link") is a global network communication equipment supplier.     TP-LINK network cameras have rejected service vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to cause refusal service attacks.
SIMATIC S7-1200 is a compact and modular PLC that can complete tasks such as simple logical control, advanced logic control, HMI and network communication.     Simonzi SIMATIC S7-1200 has rejection of service vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to send specific commands through the UART interface when the device starts, resulting in rejection service.
S7-300 is a modular small PLC system.     The SIMATIC S7-300 PLC has a loophole in the industrial control equipment, and the attacker can use this vulnerability to cause the server to refuse the service.
S7-300 is a modular small PLC system.     The SIMATIC S7-300 has a reject service vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to cause the server to refuse the service.
Siemens is the world's leading technology company. With the innovation in the fields of electrification, automation, and digitalization, it provides customers with solutions in the fields of power generation and power transmission and distribution, infrastructure, industrial automation, driver and software.     Siemens SIMATIC S7-200 Smart PLC has certification to bypass the vulnerability. The attacker can bypass the identity authentication by falsifying the data to arbitrarily tamper the PLC register value.
Omron Group is an automated control and electronic equipment manufacturer.     Omron Automation (China) Co., Ltd. CJ2M-CPU11 has loopholes in industrial control equipment. The attacker can use vulnerabilities to cause control function stop and cause production interruption.
Yungen G10 4G is a car entertainment terminal that adapted to more than 200 models of more than ten manufacturers including Volkswagen, Great Wall, and Changan.     The Yunen G10 4G has command execution vulnerabilities. The attacker can use vulnerabilities in the WiFi network, and obtain device root permissions without perception of users.
PACSYSTEM RX7I is a smart platform product of GM's GM, which is often used in steel, aluminum factories, automobile factories, nuclear power, and high -speed production lines for production control.     Ge PacSystem RX7I has a refusal service vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to cause the server to refuse the service.
OPPO A92S is a 5G mobile phone owned by OPPO.     OPPO A92S has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.
Razer Phone, Razer Phone, is a smartphone of the Razer brand series.     The Razer Phone mobile phone has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use the vulnerability to get sensitive information.
Guangdong Tianyu Network Technology Co., Ltd. operates: the development and sales of computer software and hardware technology; technology development and sales of Internet and mobile Internet software products; and the design of mobile communication equipment and software.     There are unauthorized access vulnerabilities in the vivo mobile phone interface, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.
Xiaomi Mi 9 is a mobile phone released at the Beijing University of Technology Gymnasium at 14:00 on February 20, 2019.     Xiaomi Mi 9 MIUI12.0.5 exists in logical defect vulnerabilities. The attacker can use this vulnerability to bypass the system screen and transmit any malicious files to the mobile phone of the target user.
Redmi Note 7 is the first product of the Xiaomi company Redmi brand mobile phone.     Redmi Note7 has rejection of service vulnerabilities. The attacker can use this vulnerability to restart the equipment.
Redmi Note7 generally refers to Redmi Note 7. Redmi Note 7 is the first product of the Xiaomi company Redmi brand mobile phone.     Redmi Note7 has a refusal service vulnerability, and the attacker can use the vulnerability to cause the equipment program to crash or restart.
Ruixin Micro Electronics has a research and development team with system -level chip design and algorithm research. It provides professional chip solutions for high -end intelligent hardware, mobile phone peripherals, tablet computer, TV set -top boxes, and industrial control.     Ririn Micro Electronics Co., Ltd. Rockchin Micro -chip has a stack overflow vulnerability, and attackers can use vulnerabilities to provide power.
Nut Pro 2 is a new mobile phone released at the 2017 new autumn conference of Hammer Technology on November 7, 2017 at Hammer Technology.     Hammer Technology Nut Pro 2 has a refusal service vulnerability. The attacker can use the vulnerability to occupy the system and equipment resources, causing the equipment to crash and cannot be used.
Samsung Galaxy S10 is a new generation of smartphone flagship model launched by Samsung, South Korea, equipped with Qualcomm Snapdragon 855 processor, 6.1 inches on the screen.     Samsung Galaxy S10 has information leakage vulnerabilities, and attackers can use this vulnerability to obtain sensitive information.
